<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="gsws-final-styling.css" />
      <title>XSLT for sources</title>
   </head>
</html><body xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <h1>Tracking Women's Health in the News</h1>
   <div class="nav-bar">
      <ul>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
         <li><a href="about.xhtml">About</a></li>
         <li><a href="maps-page.xhtml">Maps</a></li>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Articles</a></li>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Conclusions</a></li>
      </ul>
   </div>
   <ul>
      <li>
         Wright, Jesse. Women’s health summit in South Holland seeks to address resources. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-21-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/21/womens-health-summit-south-suburban-college/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/21/womens-health-summit-south-suburban-college/</a></li>
      <li>
         Schencker, Lisa. Another 26 women sue Endeavor Health and gynecologist Fabio Ortega, convicted of sexual
         abuse. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-17-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/17/fabio-ortega-endeavor-lawsuits/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/17/fabio-ortega-endeavor-lawsuits/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Savage, Claire. New rules for Pregnant Workers Fairness Act include divisive accommodations for abortion. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-15-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/new-rules-for-pregnant-workers-fairness-act-include-divisive-accommodations-for-abortion/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/new-rules-for-pregnant-workers-fairness-act-include-divisive-accommodations-for-abortion/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Knowles, Francine. Column: South suburban doctors propose solutions to combat high Black maternal death
         rates. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-15-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/column-south-suburban-doctors-propose-solutions-to-combat-high-black-maternal-death-rates/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/column-south-suburban-doctors-propose-solutions-to-combat-high-black-maternal-death-rates/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Associated Press, . Which states could have abortion on the ballot in 2024?. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-10-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/10/abortion-ballot-questions/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/10/abortion-ballot-questions/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Billeaud, Jacques. Arizona can enforce an 1864 law criminalizing nearly all abortions, court says. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-9-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/09/an-arizona-court-ruling-makes-nearly-all-abortions-illegal-in-a-presidential-battleground-state/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/09/an-arizona-court-ruling-makes-nearly-all-abortions-illegal-in-a-presidential-battleground-state/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Rockett, Darcel. Menstrual cycles can affect day-to-day suicide risk, UIC study finds. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-5-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/05/menstrual-cycles-can-affect-day-to-day-suicide-risk-uic-study-finds/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/05/menstrual-cycles-can-affect-day-to-day-suicide-risk-uic-study-finds/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Schencker, Lisa. More patients sue former Endeavor Health gynecologist Fabio Ortega, alleging sexual
         assault. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-1-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/01/patients-sue-endeavor-health-fabio-ortega/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/01/patients-sue-endeavor-health-fabio-ortega/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Hoerner, Emily. New lawsuit alleges abuse by former Endeavor Health gynecologist Fabio Ortega. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/26/lawsuit-alleges-abuse-fabio-ortega/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/26/lawsuit-alleges-abuse-fabio-ortega/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Leventis
         Lourgos, Angie. Illinois poised to become a haven for out-of-state IVF patients amid conservative
         backlash. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/24/illinois-poised-to-become-a-haven-for-out-of-state-ivf-patients-amid-conservative-backlash/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/24/illinois-poised-to-become-a-haven-for-out-of-state-ivf-patients-amid-conservative-backlash/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Rockett, Darcel. Breast cancer test may make bad chemotherapy recommendations for Black patients, UIC
         study shows. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-6-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/22/breast-cancer-test-black-women-chemotherapy-uic/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/22/breast-cancer-test-black-women-chemotherapy-uic/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Leventis
         Lourgos, Angie. Illinois abortion providers praise Walgreens, CVS plans to carry mifepristone. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-9-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/09/illinois-abortion-providers-praise-walgreens-cvs-plans-to-carry-mifepristone/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/09/illinois-abortion-providers-praise-walgreens-cvs-plans-to-carry-mifepristone/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Associated Press, . Alabama lawmakers advance legislation to protect IVF providers, with final approval
         still ahead. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-5-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/05/alabama-lawmakers-advance-legislation-to-protect-ivf-providers-with-final-approval-still-ahead/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/05/alabama-lawmakers-advance-legislation-to-protect-ivf-providers-with-final-approval-still-ahead/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Associated Press, . First over-the-counter birth control pill in US begins shipping to stores. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-4-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/04/first-over-the-counter-birth-control-pill-in-us-begins-shipping-to-stores/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/04/first-over-the-counter-birth-control-pill-in-us-begins-shipping-to-stores/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         New York Times News Service Syndicate, . For women undergoing IVF in Alabama, what now?. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-23-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/23/alabama-ivf-whats-next/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/23/alabama-ivf-whats-next/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Associated Press, . Alabama hospital puts pause on IVF in wake of ruling saying frozen embryos are children. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/21/alabama-hospital-puts-pause-on-ivf-in-wake-of-ruling-saying-frozen-embryos-are-children/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/21/alabama-hospital-puts-pause-on-ivf-in-wake-of-ruling-saying-frozen-embryos-are-children/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Tribune News Service, . Mayo Clinic Minute: Health disparities in gynecologic cancers. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-20-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/20/mayo-clinic-minute-health-disparities-in-gynecologic-cancers/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/20/mayo-clinic-minute-health-disparities-in-gynecologic-cancers/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Rockett, Darcel. SheRo Program from social services agency UCAN Chicago helps heal women most at risk
         for violence. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-16-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/16/ucan-shero-program-for-women/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/16/ucan-shero-program-for-women/
            </a></li>
      <li> Associated
         Press, . Lupus and other autoimmune diseases strike far more women than men. Now there’s a
         clue why. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-1-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/01/lupus-and-other-autoimmune-diseases-strike-far-more-women-than-men-now-theres-a-clue-why/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/01/lupus-and-other-autoimmune-diseases-strike-far-more-women-than-men-now-theres-a-clue-why/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Tribune Content
         Agency, . Mayo Clinic Q&amp;A: What to know about cervical cancer. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 1-26-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/26/mayo-clinic-qa-what-to-know-about-cervical-cancer/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/26/mayo-clinic-qa-what-to-know-about-cervical-cancer/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         
         Lourgos, Angie Leventis. Illinois abortions surged the year Roe fell, with nearly 17,000 patients traveling
         from other states — a 49% spike. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-7-2024. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/10/illinois-abortions-surged-the-year-roe-fell-with-nearly-17000-patients-traveling-from-other-states-a-49-spike/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/10/illinois-abortions-surged-the-year-roe-fell-with-nearly-17000-patients-traveling-from-other-states-a-49-spike/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Guffey, Alysa. AI model developed by Northwestern researchers could suggest better treatment plans
         for breast cancer patients. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 12-23-2023. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/23/ai-model-developed-by-northwestern-researchers-could-suggest-better-treatment-plans-for-breast-cancer-patients/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/23/ai-model-developed-by-northwestern-researchers-could-suggest-better-treatment-plans-for-breast-cancer-patients/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Rockett, Darcel. New campaign aims to turn the tide on maternal mortality in Chicago’s Black community. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 12-22-2023. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/22/new-campaign-aims-to-turn-the-tide-on-maternal-mortality-in-chicagos-black-community/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/22/new-campaign-aims-to-turn-the-tide-on-maternal-mortality-in-chicagos-black-community/
            </a></li>
      <li> Associated
         Press, . Wisconsin district attorney appeals ruling that cleared way for abortions to resume
         in state. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 12-20-2023. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/20/wisconsin-district-attorney-appeals-ruling-that-cleared-way-for-abortions-to-resume-in-state/%0A        ">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/20/wisconsin-district-attorney-appeals-ruling-that-cleared-way-for-abortions-to-resume-in-state/
            </a></li>
      <li>
         Neumann, Janice. Teachers at same Romeoville school become ‘breasties’ over shared cancer fight. <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 11-6-2023. <a href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/11/06/teachers-at-same-romeoville-school-become-breasties-over-shared-cancer-fight/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/11/06/teachers-at-same-romeoville-school-become-breasties-over-shared-cancer-fight/</a></li>
   </ul>
</body>