<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Final Project</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="gsws-final-styling.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Tracking Women's Health in the News</h1>
        <div class="nav-bar">
            <ul>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="about.xhtml">Methodology</a></li>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="maps-page.xhtml">Visualization</a></li>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="sources.xhtml">Articles</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        
        <section>
            <h3>Goal of This Project</h3>
            <div>
                Women's health has been a historically understudied and area of medicine. According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, 
                women were not even included in clinical trials until the mid-1990s.<a class="link" href="#footnote-1">[1]</a> However, differences in biological sex
                can cause different reactions to those assigned female at birth (AFAB) than those assigned male at birth (AMAB).<a class="link" href="#footnote-2">[2]</a>
                This project seeks to promote research specifically regarding those AFAB by setting up a "database"
                which will track reporting by major news outlets. Rather than serving as a research database,
                this will serve more as a collection of research <em>and reporting</em> that relates to the health of those AFAB. It's ultimate goal is to demonstrate
                where in the United States research and reporting is happening, and to serve as a location that health sources relating to those AFAB can be found. Currently, 
                this site tracks the reporting of three news outlets: <a class="link" href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/">the Chicago tribune</a>, <a class="link" href="https://www.nytimes.com/">
                    the New York Times</a>, and <a class="link" href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/">the Washington Post</a>. However, ideally, this site will expand to track
                more than just three news outlets, and would additionally track current research studies/clinical trials that relate to the health of those AFAB. 
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h3>About the Creator</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>Madeline Franz is a junior at the University of Pittsburgh, majoring in Political Science and History, and minoring in Computer Science and French.</li>
                <li>This project was developed as a final assignment for the GSWS 0400 course.</li>
                <li>Note: This was developed independently of any organizations mentioned. </li>
                <li><strong>Description for why I chose to create this &amp; how it reflects what I learned in this class:</strong>
                    <ul class="no-decor">
                        <li>This project was originally inspired by two things: 1) the work we did for this course in Pitt's archives, and 2) my HIST 1030: Computational Methods
                        in the Humanities course. During my work in the archives, I was inspired to mark up and compare different texts/different data, using what I learned in HIST 1030,
                        for my final project for GSWS 0400. However, the texts I worked with (the Medical Oaths) were not easily found digitally. So, I started to think of other ways that
                        I could represent the disparities between those AMAB and those AFAB in the medical community. I wanted to create a website that not only acknowledged the lack of research, 
                        but also served as a resource to show where in the world research and reporting on those AFAB was happening. The first obstacle was finding this research. I tried multiple 
                        different avenues: for example, I tried to find reports on popular drugs in order to compare the sex of those studies. However, overtime, the idea developed to what it is now. 
                        Although this is just serving as a final project for my GSWS course, it feels incomplete. One major area that it is missing it the locations where current research is happening. 
                        In theory, as briefly discussed above, this would be a "real" database, and would be continually updated from the three news sources I used, and would expand to include other
                        news outlets, as well as general research that is happening. </li>
                        <li>Going into my the course, I knew that pharmesetical and medical research mostly focused on those AMAB. However, this course pushed me to go into more 
                        depth regarding why that happened, and how those who didn't identify as male were oftentimes pushed out of the workplace, not credited for their work, etc. 
                        This project hopes to recognize the place that those AFAB have not only as the researchers, but the place they need as the subjects themselves in order to better
                        support their health. </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <p id="footnote-1">[1] Bridget Balch, "Why We Know So Little About Women's Health," <em>AAMC</em>, March 26. 2024, https://www.aamc.org/news/why-we-know-so-little-about-women-s-health#:~:text=Historical%20bias%2C%20policies%20designed%20to,best%20to%20treat%20them%20for.</p>
            <p id="footnote-2">[2] IBID. </p>
            
        </section>
    </body>
</html>