<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="gsws-final-styling.css" />
      <title>XSLT for sources</title>
   </head>
</html><body xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <h1>Tracking Women's Health in the News</h1>
   <div class="nav-bar">
      <ul>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
         <li><a href="about.xhtml">About</a></li>
         <li><a href="maps-page.xhtml">Maps</a></li>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Articles</a></li>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Conclusions</a></li>
      </ul>
   </div>
   <ul>
      <li>Bazelon, Emily. "Why ‘Fetal Personhood’ Is Roiling the Right." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-3-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/03/magazine/fetal-personhood-alabama-ivf.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/03/magazine/fetal-personhood-alabama-ivf.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "4 Takeaways From the Abortion Pill Arguments." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-supreme-court-takeaways.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-supreme-court-takeaways.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "Abortion Shield Laws: A New War Between the States." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-22-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/abortion-shield-laws-telemedicine.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/abortion-shield-laws-telemedicine.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. ""Abortions by Telemedicine and Mailed Pills Are Safe and Effective, Study Finds"." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-15-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/abortion-pills-mail-safety.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/abortion-pills-mail-safety.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "CVS and Walgreens Will Begin Selling Abortion Pills This Month." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-1-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/01/health/abortion-pills-cvs-walgreens.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/01/health/abortion-pills-cvs-walgreens.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "First U.S. Over-the-Counter Birth Control Pill Will Be Available Soon." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-4-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/04/health/opill-birth-control-nonprescription.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/04/health/opill-birth-control-nonprescription.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "Journal Retracts Studies Cited in Federal Court Ruling Against Abortion Pill." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-9-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/09/health/abortion-pills-study-retraction.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/09/health/abortion-pills-study-retraction.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "More Women Who Are Not Pregnant Are Ordering Abortion Pills Just in Case." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-2-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/02/health/abortion-pills-advanced-provision.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/02/health/abortion-pills-advanced-provision.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "The History Behind Arizona’s 160-Year-Old Abortion Ban." <em>New York Times</em>, 4-10-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/10/health/arizona-abortion-ban-history.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/10/health/arizona-abortion-ban-history.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. ""Use of Abortion Pills Has Risen Significantly Post Roe, Research Shows"." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/25/health/abortion-pills.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/25/health/abortion-pills.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Belluck, Pam. "What to Know About the Federal Law at the Heart of the Latest Supreme Court Abortion
         Case." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-18-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/18/health/emtala-abortion-supreme-court.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/18/health/emtala-abortion-supreme-court.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Friedman, Danielle. "A Brief History of Sexism in Medicine." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-26-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/26/well/live/women-health-care-elizabeth-comen.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/26/well/live/women-health-care-elizabeth-comen.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Ghorayshi, Azeen and Sarah Kliff. ""Accidents, Lax Rules and Abortion Laws Now Imperil Fertility Industry"." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-22-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/fertility-clinics-embryos-alabama.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/fertility-clinics-embryos-alabama.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Goldberg, Emma. ""Hospitals Must Get Written Patient Consent for Pelvic Exams, H.H.S. Says"." <em>New York Times</em>, 4-1-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/01/health/pelvic-exam-consent-unconcious.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/01/health/pelvic-exam-consent-unconcious.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Hoffman, Jan. "Alabama Says Embryos in a Lab Are Children. What Are the Implications?." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/21/health/ivf-frozen-embryos.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/21/health/ivf-frozen-embryos.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Hoffman, Jan. "Alabama’s I.V.F. Protection Law Will Reopen Clinics but Curb Patient Rights." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-6-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/06/health/ivf-law-alabama.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/06/health/ivf-law-alabama.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Kliff, Sarah. "Major Embryo Shipping Company Halts Business in Alabama." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-23-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/23/health/embryo-shipping-alabama-ivf.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/23/health/embryo-shipping-alabama-ivf.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Mandavilli, Apoorva. "Some Pregnant Women and Infants Received the Wrong R.S.V. Shots." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-14-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/14/health/rsv-shots-pregnant-women-infants.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/14/health/rsv-shots-pregnant-women-infants.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Miller, Claire Cain and Margot Sanger-Katz. ""One in Six Abortions Is Done With Pills Prescribed Online, Data Shows"." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-28-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/28/upshot/abortion-pills-prescribed-online.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/28/upshot/abortion-pills-prescribed-online.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn. "How a Sudden Halt to In Vitro Fertilization Shook Alabama Couples." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-7-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/07/health/ivf-alabama-families.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/07/health/ivf-alabama-families.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn. "How Bias Endangers Pregnant Black Women." <em>New York Times</em>, 12-29-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2023/12/29/health/bias-pregnant-black-women.html">https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2023/12/29/health/bias-pregnant-black-women.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn. "How Unconscious Bias in Health Care Puts Pregnant Black Women at Higher Risk." <em>New York Times</em>, 12-12-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/12/health/pregnant-black-women-bias.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/12/health/pregnant-black-women-bias.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn and Azeen Ghorayshi. ""Alabama Rules Frozen Embryos Are Children, Raising Questions About Fertility Care"." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-20-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/20/health/ivf-alabama-abortion.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/20/health/ivf-alabama-abortion.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Sanger-Katz, Margot and Claire Cain Miller. "How Many Abortions Did the Post-Roe Bans Prevent?." <em>New York Times</em>, 11-22-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2023/11/22/upshot/abortion-births-bans-states.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2023/11/22/upshot/abortion-births-bans-states.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Sarah Kliff, Azeen Ghorayshi. ""Botched I.V.F. Liquid Destroyed Embryos, Lawsuits Claim"." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-15-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/cooper-surgical-ivf-embryos-lawsuits.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/cooper-surgical-ivf-embryos-lawsuits.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Smith, Rory. ""Silent No More, Women’s Pros Make Mental Health a Priority"." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-12-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/12/world/europe/mental-health-womens-soccer.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/12/world/europe/mental-health-womens-soccer.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Span, Paula. "The Heart Surgery That Isn’t as Safe for Older Women." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-20-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/20/health/heart-bypass-women.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/20/health/heart-bypass-women.html</a>.</li>
      <li>VanSickle, Abbie. "Supreme Court Will Hear Challenge to Abortion Pill Access." <em>New York Times</em>, 12-13-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/13/us/supreme-court-abortion-pill.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/13/us/supreme-court-abortion-pill.html</a>.</li>
      <li>VanSickle, Abbie and Pam Belluck. "Abortion Pill Dispute Centers on Central Question: Who Can Sue?." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-lawsuits-doctors.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-lawsuits-doctors.html</a>.</li>
      <li>Zimmer, Carl. "Why Do Women Have More Autoimmune Diseases? Study Points to X Chromosome." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-1-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/01/health/women-autoimmune-disease-x-chromosome.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/01/health/women-autoimmune-disease-x-chromosome.html</a>.</li>
   </ul>
</body>