<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Sources</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="gsws-final-styling.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Tracking Women's Health in the News</h1>
        <div class="nav-bar">
            <ul>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="about.xhtml">Methodology</a></li>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="maps-page.xhtml">Visualization</a></li>
                <li><a class="navbar" href="sources.xhtml">Articles</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <section>
            <h3 class="sources">Chicago Tribune Articles</h3>
            <ul class="articles">
                
                <li> Associated Press. "Alabama hospital puts pause on IVF in wake of ruling saying
                    frozen embryos are children." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-21-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/21/alabama-hospital-puts-pause-on-ivf-in-wake-of-ruling-saying-frozen-embryos-are-children/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/21/alabama-hospital-puts-pause-on-ivf-in-wake-of-ruling-saying-frozen-embryos-are-children/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Associated Press. "Alabama lawmakers advance legislation to protect IVF
                    providers, with final approval still ahead." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-5-2024.
                    <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/05/alabama-lawmakers-advance-legislation-to-protect-ivf-providers-with-final-approval-still-ahead/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/05/alabama-lawmakers-advance-legislation-to-protect-ivf-providers-with-final-approval-still-ahead/.
                    </a></li> 
                
                <li> Associated Press. "First over-the-counter birth control pill in US begins
                    shipping to stores." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-4-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/04/first-over-the-counter-birth-control-pill-in-us-begins-shipping-to-stores/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/04/first-over-the-counter-birth-control-pill-in-us-begins-shipping-to-stores/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Associated Press. "Lupus and other autoimmune diseases strike far more women
                    than men. Now there’s a clue why." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-1-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/01/lupus-and-other-autoimmune-diseases-strike-far-more-women-than-men-now-theres-a-clue-why/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/01/lupus-and-other-autoimmune-diseases-strike-far-more-women-than-men-now-theres-a-clue-why/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Associated Press. "Wisconsin district attorney appeals ruling that cleared way
                    for abortions to resume in state." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 12-20-2023. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/20/wisconsin-district-attorney-appeals-ruling-that-cleared-way-for-abortions-to-resume-in-state/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/20/wisconsin-district-attorney-appeals-ruling-that-cleared-way-for-abortions-to-resume-in-state/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Associated Press. "Which states could have abortion on the ballot in 2024?"
                    <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-10-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/10/abortion-ballot-questions/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/10/abortion-ballot-questions/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Billeaud, Jacques. "Arizona can enforce an 1864 law criminalizing nearly all
                    abortions, court says." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-9-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/09/an-arizona-court-ruling-makes-nearly-all-abortions-illegal-in-a-presidential-battleground-state/"
                        >https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/09/an-arizona-court-ruling-makes-nearly-all-abortions-illegal-in-a-presidential-battleground-state/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Guffey, Alysa. "AI model developed by Northwestern researchers could suggest
                    better treatment plans for breast cancer patients." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>,
                    12-23-2023. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/23/ai-model-developed-by-northwestern-researchers-could-suggest-better-treatment-plans-for-breast-cancer-patients/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/23/ai-model-developed-by-northwestern-researchers-could-suggest-better-treatment-plans-for-breast-cancer-patients/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Hoerner, Emily. "New lawsuit alleges abuse by former Endeavor Health
                    gynecologist Fabio Ortega." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-26-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/26/lawsuit-alleges-abuse-fabio-ortega/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/26/lawsuit-alleges-abuse-fabio-ortega/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Knowles, Francine. "Column: South suburban doctors propose solutions to combat
                    high Black maternal death rates." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-15-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/column-south-suburban-doctors-propose-solutions-to-combat-high-black-maternal-death-rates/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/column-south-suburban-doctors-propose-solutions-to-combat-high-black-maternal-death-rates/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Lourgos, Angie Leventis. "Illinois abortion providers praise Walgreens, CVS
                    plans to carry mifepristone." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-9-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/09/illinois-abortion-providers-praise-walgreens-cvs-plans-to-carry-mifepristone/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/09/illinois-abortion-providers-praise-walgreens-cvs-plans-to-carry-mifepristone/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Lourgos, Angie Leventis. "Illinois abortions surged the year Roe fell, with
                    nearly 17,000 patients traveling from other states — a 49% spike." <em>Chicago
                        Tribune</em>, 2-7-2024. <a
                            href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/10/illinois-abortions-surged-the-year-roe-fell-with-nearly-17000-patients-traveling-from-other-states-a-49-spike/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/10/illinois-abortions-surged-the-year-roe-fell-with-nearly-17000-patients-traveling-from-other-states-a-49-spike/.
                        </a></li>
                
                <li> Lourgos, Angie Leventis. "Illinois poised to become a haven for out-of-state IVF
                    patients amid conservative backlash." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 3-25-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/24/illinois-poised-to-become-a-haven-for-out-of-state-ivf-patients-amid-conservative-backlash/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/24/illinois-poised-to-become-a-haven-for-out-of-state-ivf-patients-amid-conservative-backlash/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Neumann, Janice. "Teachers at same Romeoville school become ‘breasties’ over
                    shared cancer fight." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 11-6-2023. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/11/06/teachers-at-same-romeoville-school-become-breasties-over-shared-cancer-fight/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/11/06/teachers-at-same-romeoville-school-become-breasties-over-shared-cancer-fight/.</a></li>
                
                <li> New York Times News Service Syndicate. "For women undergoing IVF in Alabama,
                    what now?" <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-23-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/23/alabama-ivf-whats-next/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/23/alabama-ivf-whats-next/. </a></li>
                
                <li> Rockett, Darcel. "Breast cancer test may make bad chemotherapy recommendations
                    for Black patients, UIC study shows." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-6-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/22/breast-cancer-test-black-women-chemotherapy-uic/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/03/22/breast-cancer-test-black-women-chemotherapy-uic/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Rockett, Darcel. "Menstrual cycles can affect day-to-day suicide risk, UIC study
                    finds." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-5-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/05/menstrual-cycles-can-affect-day-to-day-suicide-risk-uic-study-finds/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/05/menstrual-cycles-can-affect-day-to-day-suicide-risk-uic-study-finds/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Rockett, Darcel. "New campaign aims to turn the tide on maternal mortality in
                    Chicago’s Black community." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 12-22-2023. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/22/new-campaign-aims-to-turn-the-tide-on-maternal-mortality-in-chicagos-black-community/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/12/22/new-campaign-aims-to-turn-the-tide-on-maternal-mortality-in-chicagos-black-community/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Rockett, Darcel. "SheRo Program from social services agency UCAN Chicago helps
                    heal women most at risk for violence." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-16-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/16/ucan-shero-program-for-women/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/16/ucan-shero-program-for-women/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Savage, Claire. "New rules for Pregnant Workers Fairness Act include divisive
                    accommodations for abortion." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-15-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/new-rules-for-pregnant-workers-fairness-act-include-divisive-accommodations-for-abortion/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/15/new-rules-for-pregnant-workers-fairness-act-include-divisive-accommodations-for-abortion/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Schencker, Lisa. "Another 26 women sue Endeavor Health and gynecologist Fabio
                    Ortega, convicted of sexual abuse." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-17-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/17/fabio-ortega-endeavor-lawsuits/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/17/fabio-ortega-endeavor-lawsuits/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Schencker, Lisa. "More patients sue former Endeavor Health gynecologist Fabio
                    Ortega, alleging sexual assault." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-1-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/01/patients-sue-endeavor-health-fabio-ortega/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/01/patients-sue-endeavor-health-fabio-ortega/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Tribune Content Agency. "Mayo Clinic Q&amp;A: What to know about cervical
                    cancer." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 1-26-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/26/mayo-clinic-qa-what-to-know-about-cervical-cancer/"
                        >https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/01/26/mayo-clinic-qa-what-to-know-about-cervical-cancer/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Tribune News Service. "Mayo Clinic Minute: Health disparities in gynecologic
                    cancers." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 2-20-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/20/mayo-clinic-minute-health-disparities-in-gynecologic-cancers/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/02/20/mayo-clinic-minute-health-disparities-in-gynecologic-cancers/.
                    </a></li>
                
                <li> Wright, Jesse. "Women’s health summit in South Holland seeks to address
                    resources." <em>Chicago Tribune</em>, 4-21-2024. <a
                        href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/21/womens-health-summit-south-suburban-college/">https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/04/21/womens-health-summit-south-suburban-college/.</a></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h3 class="sources">New York Times Articles</h3>
            <ul class="articles">
                <li>Bazelon, Emily. "Why ‘Fetal Personhood’ Is Roiling the Right." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-3-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/03/magazine/fetal-personhood-alabama-ivf.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/03/magazine/fetal-personhood-alabama-ivf.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "4 Takeaways From the Abortion Pill Arguments." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-supreme-court-takeaways.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-supreme-court-takeaways.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "Abortion Shield Laws: A New War Between the States." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-22-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/abortion-shield-laws-telemedicine.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/abortion-shield-laws-telemedicine.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "Abortions by Telemedicine and Mailed Pills Are Safe and Effective, Study Finds." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-15-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/abortion-pills-mail-safety.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/abortion-pills-mail-safety.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "CVS and Walgreens Will Begin Selling Abortion Pills This Month." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-1-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/01/health/abortion-pills-cvs-walgreens.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/01/health/abortion-pills-cvs-walgreens.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "First U.S. Over-the-Counter Birth Control Pill Will Be Available Soon." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-4-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/04/health/opill-birth-control-nonprescription.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/04/health/opill-birth-control-nonprescription.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "Journal Retracts Studies Cited in Federal Court Ruling Against Abortion Pill." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-9-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/09/health/abortion-pills-study-retraction.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/09/health/abortion-pills-study-retraction.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "More Women Who Are Not Pregnant Are Ordering Abortion Pills Just in Case." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-2-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/02/health/abortion-pills-advanced-provision.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/02/health/abortion-pills-advanced-provision.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "The History Behind Arizona’s 160-Year-Old Abortion Ban." <em>New York Times</em>, 4-10-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/10/health/arizona-abortion-ban-history.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/10/health/arizona-abortion-ban-history.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "Use of Abortion Pills Has Risen Significantly Post Roe, Research Shows." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/25/health/abortion-pills.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/25/health/abortion-pills.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Belluck, Pam. "What to Know About the Federal Law at the Heart of the Latest Supreme Court Abortion
                    Case." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-18-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/18/health/emtala-abortion-supreme-court.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/18/health/emtala-abortion-supreme-court.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Friedman, Danielle. "A Brief History of Sexism in Medicine." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-26-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/26/well/live/women-health-care-elizabeth-comen.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/26/well/live/women-health-care-elizabeth-comen.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Ghorayshi, Azeen and Sarah Kliff. "Accidents, Lax Rules and Abortion Laws Now Imperil Fertility Industry." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-22-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/fertility-clinics-embryos-alabama.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/22/health/fertility-clinics-embryos-alabama.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Goldberg, Emma. "Hospitals Must Get Written Patient Consent for Pelvic Exams, H.H.S. Says." <em>New York Times</em>, 4-1-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/01/health/pelvic-exam-consent-unconcious.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/01/health/pelvic-exam-consent-unconcious.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Hoffman, Jan. "Alabama Says Embryos in a Lab Are Children. What Are the Implications?." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/21/health/ivf-frozen-embryos.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/21/health/ivf-frozen-embryos.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Hoffman, Jan. "Alabama’s I.V.F. Protection Law Will Reopen Clinics but Curb Patient Rights." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-6-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/06/health/ivf-law-alabama.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/06/health/ivf-law-alabama.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Kliff, Sarah. "Major Embryo Shipping Company Halts Business in Alabama." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-23-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/23/health/embryo-shipping-alabama-ivf.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/23/health/embryo-shipping-alabama-ivf.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Mandavilli, Apoorva. "Some Pregnant Women and Infants Received the Wrong R.S.V. Shots." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-14-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/14/health/rsv-shots-pregnant-women-infants.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/14/health/rsv-shots-pregnant-women-infants.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Miller, Claire Cain and Margot Sanger-Katz. ""One in Six Abortions Is Done With Pills Prescribed Online, Data Shows"." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-28-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/28/upshot/abortion-pills-prescribed-online.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/28/upshot/abortion-pills-prescribed-online.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn. "How a Sudden Halt to In Vitro Fertilization Shook Alabama Couples." <em>New York Times</em>, 3-7-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/07/health/ivf-alabama-families.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/07/health/ivf-alabama-families.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn. "How Bias Endangers Pregnant Black Women." <em>New York Times</em>, 12-29-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2023/12/29/health/bias-pregnant-black-women.html">https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2023/12/29/health/bias-pregnant-black-women.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn. "How Unconscious Bias in Health Care Puts Pregnant Black Women at Higher Risk." <em>New York Times</em>, 12-12-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/12/health/pregnant-black-women-bias.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/12/health/pregnant-black-women-bias.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Rabin, Roni Caryn and Azeen Ghorayshi. "Alabama Rules Frozen Embryos Are Children, Raising Questions About Fertility Care." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-20-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/20/health/ivf-alabama-abortion.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/20/health/ivf-alabama-abortion.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Sanger-Katz, Margot and Claire Cain Miller. "How Many Abortions Did the Post-Roe Bans Prevent?." <em>New York Times</em>, 11-22-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2023/11/22/upshot/abortion-births-bans-states.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2023/11/22/upshot/abortion-births-bans-states.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Sarah Kliff, Azeen Ghorayshi. "Botched I.V.F. Liquid Destroyed Embryos, Lawsuits Claim." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-15-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/cooper-surgical-ivf-embryos-lawsuits.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/health/cooper-surgical-ivf-embryos-lawsuits.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Smith, Rory. "Silent No More, Women’s Pros Make Mental Health a Priority." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-12-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/12/world/europe/mental-health-womens-soccer.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/12/world/europe/mental-health-womens-soccer.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Span, Paula. "The Heart Surgery That Isn’t as Safe for Older Women." <em>New York Times</em>, 1-20-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/20/health/heart-bypass-women.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/20/health/heart-bypass-women.html</a>.</li>
                <li>VanSickle, Abbie. "Supreme Court Will Hear Challenge to Abortion Pill Access." <em>New York Times</em>, 12-13-2023. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/13/us/supreme-court-abortion-pill.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/13/us/supreme-court-abortion-pill.html</a>.</li>
                <li>VanSickle, Abbie and Pam Belluck. "Abortion Pill Dispute Centers on Central Question: Who Can Sue?" <em>New York Times</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-lawsuits-doctors.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/26/us/politics/abortion-pill-lawsuits-doctors.html</a>.</li>
                <li>Zimmer, Carl. "Why Do Women Have More Autoimmune Diseases? Study Points to X Chromosome." <em>New York Times</em>, 2-1-2024. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/01/health/women-autoimmune-disease-x-chromosome.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/01/health/women-autoimmune-disease-x-chromosome.html</a>.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h3 class="sources">Washington Post Articles</h3>
            <ul class="articles">
                <li>Ables, Kelsey. "What is Trisomy 18, the fetal condition central to the Texas abortion case?" <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-13-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/13/texas-abortion-trisomy-18-diagnosis/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/13/texas-abortion-trisomy-18-diagnosis/</a>.</li>
                <li>Blakemore, Erin. "Study undercuts premise for excluding women from medical research." <em>Washington Post</em>, 11-18-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/11/18/women-body-temperature-medical-research/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/11/18/women-body-temperature-medical-research/</a>.</li>
                <li>Cimons, Marlene. "Do women who live together get their periods together, or is it a myth?" <em>Washington Post</em>, 4-22-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2024/04/22/women-menstruation-periods-synchrony/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2024/04/22/women-menstruation-periods-synchrony/</a>.</li>
                <li>Cornejo, Drea, et. al. "Three couples and their IVF hopes, jolted by Alabama’s court ruling." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-8-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2024/ivf-couples-alabama-ruling/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2024/ivf-couples-alabama-ruling/</a>.</li>
                <li>Dewey, Caitlin. "Abortion debate is affecting access to drug used after miscarriages." <em>Washington Post</em>, 11-5-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/05/mifepristone-miscarriage-abortion-fallout/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/05/mifepristone-miscarriage-abortion-fallout/</a>.</li>
                <li>Diamond, Dan. "Alito and Thomas kept bringing up Comstock. That scared abortion rights supporters." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/26/comstock-act-supreme-court-abortion-pill/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/26/comstock-act-supreme-court-abortion-pill/</a>.</li>
                <li>Diamond, Dan and Caroline Kitchener. "Texas doctors do not need to perform emergency abortions, court rules." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-3-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/02/texas-abortion-emergency-5th-circuit/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/02/texas-abortion-emergency-5th-circuit/</a>.</li>
                <li>Gilber, Daniel. "Alabama IVF ruling draws attention to technology’s unregulated frontiers." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-7-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/03/07/alabama-ivf-sex-selection-ethics/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/03/07/alabama-ivf-sex-selection-ethics/</a>.</li>
                <li>Javaid, Maham and Dan Rosenzweig-Ziff. "What to know about the Alabama embryo ruling and its IVF implications." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/20/ivf-treatment-alabama-embryo-ruling/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/20/ivf-treatment-alabama-embryo-ruling/</a>.</li>
                <li>Javaid, Maham and Kim Bellware. "Some Alabama clinics pause IVF services amid scramble for next steps." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/21/alabama-ivf-clinics-doctors-embryo-ruling/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/21/alabama-ivf-clinics-doctors-embryo-ruling/</a>.</li>
                <li>Johnson, Akilah. "For some Black women, the fear of death shadows the joy of birth." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-14-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2023/black-women-pregnancy-mortality-fear/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2023/black-women-pregnancy-mortality-fear/</a>.</li>
                <li>Johnson, Mark and Sabrina Malhi. "Scientists found a major clue why 4 of 5 autoimmune patients are women." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-1-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/science/2024/02/01/why-women-have-more-autoimmune-diseases/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/science/2024/02/01/why-women-have-more-autoimmune-diseases/</a>.</li>
                <li>Kitchener, Caroline. "‘No help here’: Florida abortion ruling leaves women with few options." <em>Washington Post</em>, 4-2-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/04/02/florida-supreme-court-abortion-access/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/04/02/florida-supreme-court-abortion-access/</a>.</li>
                <li>Kitchener, Caroline. "Periods, ‘live tissue’: Female justices get specific about women’s health." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/women-justices-abortion-pill/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/women-justices-abortion-pill/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina. "Amid syphilis surge, doctors call for more testing during pregnancy." <em>Washington Post</em>, 4-18-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/04/18/screening-syphilis-baby-pregnant/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/04/18/screening-syphilis-baby-pregnant/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina. "Cannabis use linked to higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, study finds." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-12-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/12/cannabis-use-pregnancy-postpartum-study/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/12/cannabis-use-pregnancy-postpartum-study/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina. "Overdose deaths have soared among pregnant people, study reveals." <em>Washington Post</em>, 11-22-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/22/overdose-pregnancy-opioids/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/22/overdose-pregnancy-opioids/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina. "What to know about PCOS and the newfound link to cognitive decline." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-6-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/02/06/pcos-cognitive-health-explained/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/02/06/pcos-cognitive-health-explained/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Dan Diamond. "What Biden’s latest actions on reproductive health mean." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-25-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/25/contraception-emergency-abortion-access-biden/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/25/contraception-emergency-abortion-access-biden/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Dan Keating. "Study says U.S. maternal death rate crisis is really a case of bad data." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-13-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/13/maternal-mortality-study/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/13/maternal-mortality-study/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Kendra Nicholas. "Opill, first U.S. over-the-counter birth-control pill, to hit stores: What to know." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-7-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/05/opill-birth-control-pill-over-the-counter/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/05/opill-birth-control-pill-over-the-counter/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Lauren Weber. "Debunking common birth-control misconceptions." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/birth-control-facts/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/birth-control-facts/</a>.</li>
                <li>Malhi, Sabrina and McKenzie Beard. "How abortion pill mifepristone is used, and where you can legally access it." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/25/mifepristone-abortion-pill-access/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/25/mifepristone-abortion-pill-access/</a>.</li>
                <li>Marimow, Ann E. "Abortion, guns and the state of a divided Supreme Court." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/podcasts/post-reports/abortion-guns-and-the-state-of-a-divided-supreme-court/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/podcasts/post-reports/abortion-guns-and-the-state-of-a-divided-supreme-court/</a>.</li>
                <li>Marimow, Ann E. "Supreme Court to decide if U.S. law requires some emergency room abortions." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-6-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/01/05/abortion-idaho-supreme-court-hospitals-emtala/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/01/05/abortion-idaho-supreme-court-hospitals-emtala/</a>.</li>
                <li>Marimow, Ann E. and Caroline Kitchener. "Supreme Court skeptical of efforts to restrict access to abortion pill." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/supreme-court-abortion-pill-mifepristone/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/supreme-court-abortion-pill-mifepristone/</a>.</li>
                <li>Marimow, Ann E. and Caroline Kitchener. "What’s at stake in the Supreme Court abortion pill case." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-24-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/24/supreme-court-abortion-pill-case/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/24/supreme-court-abortion-pill-case/</a>.</li>
                <li>Marinmow, Ann E. "Supreme Court will decide access to key abortion drug mifepristone." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-13-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2023/12/13/abortion-drug-supreme-court-mifepristone-fda/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2023/12/13/abortion-drug-supreme-court-mifepristone-fda/</a>.</li>
                <li>Rosenzweig-Ziff, Dan. "U.S. abortions reach recent high, with record number done via medication." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-19-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/19/abortion-medication-mifepristone-63-percent/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/19/abortion-medication-mifepristone-63-percent/</a>.</li>
                <li>Searing, Linda. "Lung cancer is more common among women than men ages 35 to 54." <em>Washington Post</em>, 10-31-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/10/31/lung-cancer-rate-women-men/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/10/31/lung-cancer-rate-women-men/</a>.</li>
                <li>Weber, Lauren and Sabrina Malhi. "Women are getting off birth control amid misinformation explosion." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/stopping-birth-control-misinformation/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/stopping-birth-control-misinformation/</a>.</li>
                <li>Wootson, Cleve R. and Dan Diamond. "Harris, Biden deliver fiery message on abortion rights." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-22-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/22/biden-abortion-contraception/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/22/biden-abortion-contraception/</a>.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
