<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="gsws-final-styling.css" />
      <title>XSLT for sources</title>
   </head>
</html><body xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <h1>Tracking Women's Health in the News</h1>
   <div class="nav-bar">
      <ul>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
         <li><a href="about.xhtml">About</a></li>
         <li><a href="maps-page.xhtml">Maps</a></li>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Articles</a></li>
         <li><a href="index.xhtml">Conclusions</a></li>
      </ul>
   </div>
   <ul>
      <li>Ables, Kelsey. ""What is Trisomy 18, the fetal condition central to the Texas abortion case?"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-13-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/13/texas-abortion-trisomy-18-diagnosis/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/13/texas-abortion-trisomy-18-diagnosis/</a>.</li>
      <li>Blakemore, Erin. "Study undercuts premise for excluding women from medical research." <em>Washington Post</em>, 11-18-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/11/18/women-body-temperature-medical-research/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/11/18/women-body-temperature-medical-research/</a>.</li>
      <li>Cimons, Marlene. ""Do women who live together get their periods together, or is it a myth?"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 4-22-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2024/04/22/women-menstruation-periods-synchrony/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2024/04/22/women-menstruation-periods-synchrony/</a>.</li>
      <li>Cornejo, Drea, et. al. . ""Three couples and their IVF hopes, jolted by Alabama’s court ruling"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-8-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2024/ivf-couples-alabama-ruling/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2024/ivf-couples-alabama-ruling/</a>.</li>
      <li>Dewey, Caitlin. "Abortion debate is affecting access to drug used after miscarriages." <em>Washington Post</em>, 11-5-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/05/mifepristone-miscarriage-abortion-fallout/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/05/mifepristone-miscarriage-abortion-fallout/</a>.</li>
      <li>Diamond, Dan. "Alito and Thomas kept bringing up Comstock. That scared abortion rights supporters.." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/26/comstock-act-supreme-court-abortion-pill/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/26/comstock-act-supreme-court-abortion-pill/</a>.</li>
      <li>Diamond, Dan and Caroline Kitchener. ""Texas doctors do not need to perform emergency abortions, court rules"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-3-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/02/texas-abortion-emergency-5th-circuit/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/02/texas-abortion-emergency-5th-circuit/</a>.</li>
      <li>Gilber, Daniel . "Alabama IVF ruling draws attention to technology’s unregulated frontiers." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-7-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/03/07/alabama-ivf-sex-selection-ethics/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/03/07/alabama-ivf-sex-selection-ethics/</a>.</li>
      <li>Javaid, Maham and Dan Rosenzweig-Ziff. "What to know about the Alabama embryo ruling and its IVF implications." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/20/ivf-treatment-alabama-embryo-ruling/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/20/ivf-treatment-alabama-embryo-ruling/</a>.</li>
      <li>Javaid, Maham and Kim Bellware. "Some Alabama clinics pause IVF services amid scramble for next steps." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/21/alabama-ivf-clinics-doctors-embryo-ruling/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/02/21/alabama-ivf-clinics-doctors-embryo-ruling/</a>.</li>
      <li>Johnson, Akilah. ""For some Black women, the fear of death shadows the joy of birth"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-14-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2023/black-women-pregnancy-mortality-fear/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/interactive/2023/black-women-pregnancy-mortality-fear/</a>.</li>
      <li>Johnson, Mark and Sabrina Malhi. "Scientists found a major clue why 4 of 5 autoimmune patients are women." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-1-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/science/2024/02/01/why-women-have-more-autoimmune-diseases/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/science/2024/02/01/why-women-have-more-autoimmune-diseases/</a>.</li>
      <li>Kitchener, Caroline. "‘No help here’: Florida abortion ruling leaves women with few options." <em>Washington Post</em>, 4-2-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/04/02/florida-supreme-court-abortion-access/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2024/04/02/florida-supreme-court-abortion-access/</a>.</li>
      <li>Kitchener, Caroline. ""Periods, ‘live tissue’: Female justices get specific about women’s health"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/women-justices-abortion-pill/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/women-justices-abortion-pill/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina. ""Amid syphilis surge, doctors call for more testing during pregnancy"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 4-18-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/04/18/screening-syphilis-baby-pregnant/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/04/18/screening-syphilis-baby-pregnant/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina. ""Cannabis use linked to higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, study finds"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-12-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/12/cannabis-use-pregnancy-postpartum-study/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/12/12/cannabis-use-pregnancy-postpartum-study/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina. ""Overdose deaths have soared among pregnant people, study reveals"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 11-22-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/22/overdose-pregnancy-opioids/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2023/11/22/overdose-pregnancy-opioids/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina. "What to know about PCOS and the newfound link to cognitive decline." <em>Washington Post</em>, 2-6-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/02/06/pcos-cognitive-health-explained/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/02/06/pcos-cognitive-health-explained/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Dan Diamond. "What Biden’s latest actions on reproductive health mean." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-25-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/25/contraception-emergency-abortion-access-biden/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/25/contraception-emergency-abortion-access-biden/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Dan Keating. "Study says U.S. maternal death rate crisis is really a case of bad data." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-13-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/13/maternal-mortality-study/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/13/maternal-mortality-study/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Kendra Nicholas. ""Opill, first U.S. over-the-counter birth-control pill, to hit stores: What to know"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-7-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/05/opill-birth-control-pill-over-the-counter/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/05/opill-birth-control-pill-over-the-counter/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina and Lauren Weber. "Debunking common birth-control misconceptions." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/birth-control-facts/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/birth-control-facts/</a>.</li>
      <li>Malhi, Sabrina and McKenzie Beard. ""How abortion pill mifepristone is used, and where you can legally access it"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/25/mifepristone-abortion-pill-access/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/25/mifepristone-abortion-pill-access/</a>.</li>
      <li>Marimow, Ann E. ""Abortion, guns and the state of a divided Supreme Court"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-25-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/podcasts/post-reports/abortion-guns-and-the-state-of-a-divided-supreme-court/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/podcasts/post-reports/abortion-guns-and-the-state-of-a-divided-supreme-court/</a>.</li>
      <li>Marimow, Ann E. "Supreme Court to decide if U.S. law requires some emergency room abortions." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-6-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/01/05/abortion-idaho-supreme-court-hospitals-emtala/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/01/05/abortion-idaho-supreme-court-hospitals-emtala/</a>.</li>
      <li>Marimow, Ann E. and Caroline Kitchener. "Supreme Court skeptical of efforts to restrict access to abortion pill." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-26-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/supreme-court-abortion-pill-mifepristone/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/26/supreme-court-abortion-pill-mifepristone/</a>.</li>
      <li>Marimow, Ann E. and Caroline Kitchener. "What’s at stake in the Supreme Court abortion pill case." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-24-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/24/supreme-court-abortion-pill-case/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/24/supreme-court-abortion-pill-case/</a>.</li>
      <li>Marinmow, Ann E. "Supreme Court will decide access to key abortion drug mifepristone." <em>Washington Post</em>, 12-13-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2023/12/13/abortion-drug-supreme-court-mifepristone-fda/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2023/12/13/abortion-drug-supreme-court-mifepristone-fda/</a>.</li>
      <li>Rosenzweig-Ziff, Dan. ""U.S. abortions reach recent high, with record number done via medication"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-19-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/19/abortion-medication-mifepristone-63-percent/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2024/03/19/abortion-medication-mifepristone-63-percent/</a>.</li>
      <li>Searing, Linda. "Lung cancer is more common among women than men ages 35 to 54." <em>Washington Post</em>, 10-31-2023. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/10/31/lung-cancer-rate-women-men/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/wellness/2023/10/31/lung-cancer-rate-women-men/</a>.</li>
      <li>Weber, Lauren and Sabrina Malhi. "Women are getting off birth control amid misinformation explosion." <em>Washington Post</em>, 3-21-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/stopping-birth-control-misinformation/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/03/21/stopping-birth-control-misinformation/</a>.</li>
      <li>Wootson, Cleve R. and Dan Diamond. ""Harris, Biden deliver fiery message on abortion rights"." <em>Washington Post</em>, 1-22-2024. <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/22/biden-abortion-contraception/">https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2024/01/22/biden-abortion-contraception/</a>.</li>
   </ul>
</body>